NPID and PID (#1203)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/functionalities.rst

- While the Wallet Instance is **Valid** and the PID is active/valid, the User MAY present the PID and use it for authentication and further credential issuance according to this specification and the EUDI framework.
- Revocation, expiry, or deletion of the PID MUST transition the Wallet Instance back to **Operational** (see :ref:`wallet-instance-lifecycle:Transition to Operational`).
- Where the User revokes the PID, the Wallet Provider MUST handle the consequences on the Wallet Instance lifecycle and on dependent EAAs as defined in this specification.
- The PID is intended for use also in cross-border interactions within the EUDI Wallet ecosystem, in addition to national use.

IT-Wallet ID
~~~~~~~~~~~~

The **IT-Wallet ID** is the Electronic Attestation of Person Identification Data issued for national use only (see :ref:`credential-data-model-it-wallet-id:IT-Wallet ID Data Model` and :term:`IT-Wallet ID`). It is an EAA issued by an EAA Provider and MUST NOT be presented as a PID.

> - The Wallet Instance MUST be in the **Operational** state (following activation) to request and obtain an IT-Wallet ID. Issuance of the IT-Wallet ID does **not** transition the Wallet Instance to the **Valid** state; the Wallet Instance remains **Operational**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Wallet Instance MUST be activated before requesting and obtaining an IT-Wallet ID. IT-Wallet ID can be requested and obtained in the **Operational** state. Issuance of the IT-Wallet ID does **not** transition the Wallet Instance to the **Valid** state; the Wallet Instance remains **Operational**.
```

Reviewer 2: See my comment in the italian rst
